

Chapter 1 Tara hides from Grey

It was a moonlit night in a shady part of London. Tara was walking out of an old Pub. She had just got word that Grey was coming into town and that he wanted to see her. She was afraid of him after their past. She wasn't sure she wanted to see him face to face just yet.

She just didn't know about him anymore. She waited near an alley she was hoping the coast was clear. She ran down the street and was heading towards her Castle. 

When she saw Grey go into the Pub. It was the same Pub she had gone to earlier.
She knew the bartender would give her away. That it was only a matter of time. A moment later Grey walked out of the Pub headed for Tara's Castle. Tara hid in the bushes while Grey walked right by her. She knew she shouldn't go back to the Castle.
He would surely find her if she went back. So she decided to stay in town for a little while longer. She went to a Boarding House to find shelter for the night. She walked into her room and laid down on the bed.
It wasn't much but she liked it. She couldn't sleep though she was worried that he would find her, before morning. She was right to worry Grey was already hot on her trail. She knew that he would realize that she was not coming back to the Castle
Tara He would try to catch her scent to find her.
What you don't know about Grey is he is part wolf and he can pick up scents very easily. She was praying that she had thrown his nose off with other scents that she surrounded herself with. She was still afraid that he would find her. She knew that he could find her if he wanted to.Chapter 1 Tara hides from Grey

It was a moonlit night in a shady part of London. Tara was walking out of an old Pub. She had just got word that Grey was coming into town and that he wanted to see her. She was afraid of him after their past. She wasn't sure she wanted to see him face to face just yet.

She just didn't know about him anymore. She waited near an alley she was hoping the coast was clear. She ran down the street and was heading towards her Castle. 

When she saw Grey go into the Pub. It was the same Pub she had gone to earlier.
She knew the bartender would give her away. That it was only a matter of time. A moment later Grey walked out of the Pub headed for Tara's Castle. Tara hid in the bushes while Grey walked right by her. She knew she shouldn't go back to the Castle.
He would surely find her if she went back. So she decided to stay in town for a little while longer. She went to a Boarding House to find shelter for the night. She walked into her room and laid down on the bed.
It wasn't much but she liked it. She couldn't sleep though she was worried that he would find her, before morning. She was right to worry Grey was already hot on her trail. She knew that he would realize that she was not coming back to the Castle
Tara He would try to catch her scent to find her.
What you don't know about Grey is he is part wolf and he can pick up scents very easily. She was praying that she had thrown his nose off with other scents that she surrounded herself with. She was still afraid that he would find her. She knew that he could find her if he wanted to.

 
Chapter 2 The Boarding House Nightmare

Around noon, she heard a knock at the door. She started to shake a little while she opened the door. "Hello. " Her legs began to shake as she opened the door. It was room service she had forgotten that she had called for them when she first arrived at the Boarding House. "You alright Miss you looking like you seen a ghost?" The man asked her as he brought her the wine she asks for. "I am fine Sir I am just a bit nervous."
Tara said to him as she poured a glass of wine shaking."You are terrified Miss something awful. I know terrified when I see it, Miss." The man said to her with a worried look. "Sir I am a little shaken up." She looks at him sadly "Well you never have to fear being here most blokes don't come around here. Too secluded they say." The man said to her trying to help with her fear."
Well to tell you the truth a British Aristocratic man is who I am worried about. He has coal-black hair and piercing blue eyes that when he looks at you it is like he is looking right through you." The man's face got white as a ghost. He felt a chill go through his whole body. Tara felt the air get chilled.
She turned around just as a thick mist started filling the room. She knew that something didn't feel right in the air. The mist started to turn into human form. "Ah, my pet you thought you could hide from me! When you knew I would always find you!
I can smell your wonderful aroma from miles away my pet! Yet you forget I am a part wolf!" Grey looks over to the man. "That will be all-boy I want to speak with this young Mistress alone." He says to him as he hands him a hundred dollar bill for his trouble.
Tara looked over at the man before he left the room. She had the look of fear in her eyes. The man stared at her a bit as he just stood there." I said that will be all! We will call upon you again if we need you! "The man looked startled as Grey raised his voice to him.
The man looked at Tara with a concerned look on his face. He was truly afraid for he knew that Grey was evil. He could feel it in his bones. He stayed outside the door trying to hear what was being said. Tara knew he was still outside.
She could feel him, but she wondering if Grey was even paying attention to the man. She quickly thought of something to say. "Grey Darling I wasn't hiding from you. I just merely needed a vacation from that drafty old Castle. You know how cold it gets in the Castle."
She says to Grey hoping that he would buy that story. Grey looks at her angrily. He walks over to her slowly. "Do you think I am ignorant? Did you think I would buy that story, Princess? I can read you like a book!
You are terrified of me! As you should be! "Grey screams at her. Tara jumps as his deep terrifying voice fills the whole room. Meanwhile, the man is still standing outside the door listening in on everything. Tara back's up closer to the wall and out of Grey's reach.
"Ah yes! The old backing up against the wall! Here let me help you my pet!" He screams before he grabs her by the neck and slams her against the wall. "Ah! Darling I wasn't backing away from you! I merely was just getting closer to the wall." She yelled even more terrified than she we before.
She knew that she has to convince him that she wasn't afraid of him. She knew also that she would have to tell him that she was engaged, but that was something that she dreaded. She stood against the wall waiting for him to do something. "Ah, do you expect me to believe your games? You know I see everything! You little whore! You underestimate me!
I know you are engaged and who you are marrying! My arrogant little brother! Of all people you could have married, it had to be him! One thing you forgot my pet is that you belong to me! You have my marks on your body and no one can change that!
"Grey screams at her as she trembled from his voice that echoed throughout the room. Tara stood there in fear. She had no idea what he had planned for her. Grey walked around her laughing evilly. He ran his fingers through her soft silky blonde hair then he smelled his fingers.
"Ah yes, my precious pet. Your aroma pleases me. It has been too long since I had you in my bed." Grey says to her softly. Tara builds up enough courage to say what she was thinking to him. "Well, you certainly have perfect timing!
I mean I don't hear from you in years and all of a sudden you come back into my life just as I am about to marry your little brother! You don't own me, Grey! I was your wife once, but you have never owned me! Do you get what I am saying? Is everything getting through that thick British skull of yours?"
Grey smiles evilly as he walks over to her. He raises his hand and slaps her across the face hard. "Now who doesn't belong to who? I believe I said you will always be bound to me the day we got married my pet. Yet you refuse to believe me!
You doubt me still! Well, I will not have a mere pet talk to me in such a manner! " Grey walks up to her kissing her deeply and passionately on the lips as he pulls away he bites her lower lip showing her who is in control. "You not a where of my little brother's other exertions. That is right my pet doesn't love anyone.
He only wants you for the money and royalty you have." Grey laughs at her as tears rolled down her face from him slapping her. Tara wiped the tears away. She turned herself away from him."How dare you look away from me!
It seems you have a lot more to learn my pet. Fortunately, I have all eternity to teach you! You will come around to me again my pet! I know this because I always get what I want! If it doesn't come to me I take it.
Ask poor little Gabrielle. I took her and made her my wife while she was still married!" Grey yanked her arm throwing her up against him. Tara was face to face with him struggling to get away from him. Grey had his arms wrapped around her tight.
"See my pet I always get what I want. You stop struggling you are no match for me! You had better give in there is no point in fighting it." He just laughed at her evilly as she struggled to get awayTara knew she couldn't win against him. She began to think of a plan to get him to release his grip from her. "Well, my Darling you have always been my favorite of all of my husband's. I have loved you more than them. I still to this day have never stopped loving you."
Tara knew what she was doing. She knew how to use her womanly ways to get what she wanted. Tara looked around the room. She saw only one way out which was through the front door.
She only needed him to let go of her. " Do you think I was born yesterday my pet? Don't give me your lies!" Grey grabbed her by the neck pinning her against the wall. "No, I would never lie to  you my darling."
Tara says while gasping for air. "Ah, you are only saying these things because you want to release yourself! Well, my pet I can not release someone I own!" She looked down sadly. " I tell you what if I release you now.
You go tell my little brother that you can't marry him, because you belong to me. I want you back here tomorrow at the same time. If you do not come back there will be hell to pay! Do you understand me?
Don't underestimate me I will find you again! " Grey says as he looks deeply into her eyes. He release's his grip on her neck causing Tara to slide off the wall onto the floor. She got up off her knees and stood before him shaking. She looked at him with her knees still shaking with fear.
"I understand you loud and clear darling. " She barely whispered to him. Grey opened the door and shoved her out it. The man was still in the Hallway. He saw her get pushed out the door.
Tara's face was still red from where Grey hit her. "Are you alright Miss? Do you need me the call Scotland Yard?" He asked her looking at the red mark on her face.
"I'm Niguel I am the owner of this here Boarding House. I check up on my borders from time to time." Tara walked over to him and broke into tears. "He is back to destroy everything I love!" Tara screams as she cried on his shoulder.
" He is evil and he won't stop until he gets what he wants! " She says as she looks up at Niguel. " There there Miss everything is going to be alright. Niguel is here to save the day." He pats her back to try to comfort her.
" You do not understand he could kill you at the blink of an eye? You do not know who you are going up against!" Tara yells at him while crying. "He always gets his way! He is like the devil!"
By then Tara was hysterical and her knees would still not stop shaking. Just then the Boarding House door slams open. Grey walks out the door. "Excuse me Niguel, but I believe this young Mistress was just leaving," Grey said to him with and stern, but polite voice. "But Sir she shouldn't be going out in the condition she is in. I think she should stay here for the night.
Let her get some rest until morning. " Niguel said to him as he held Tara in his arms trying to protect her. "How dare you defy me! You don't know who you are dealing with!" Grey yells at him. "
You don't want to go up against me! Now unhand her and let her be on her way before you make me angry!" Grey says as he walks over to him and stares him down. Niguel release's his grip from her and backs away. Grey walks towards her and grabs her by the arm and pulls her back into the room with him.
He slams the door behind them. " Since you seem to not listen to what I say then you will stay here with me tonight! You will learn to obey me! It seems it has been too long since you have been away from me! I have to teach you all over again."
Grey grabs her by her soft blonde hair and exposes her neck. He tilts her head to the side as his fangs extend out of his mouth. He places his fangs on her neck and bites into her flesh leaving a deep gash and the blood pours from it. He drinks with a thirsty look in his eyes. Tara cries silently as she starts to feel weak.
She falls to the floor as starts to pass out. The last thing she heard before she went out was Grey's evil laugh. Tara wakes up from her nightmare terrified of what the dream meant. Grey possibly was sending her messages through her dreams. She knew now that he was very angry with her for hiding from him.


Chapter 3 Grey finds Tara in the Boarding House

Tara hears his voice just as she wakes up from her nightmare. She sends a message through her mind back " No I don't want any part of you anymore. Grey, you have done nothing, but destroy my family!" Grey gets closer to town and he starts to sense Tara's presence. Grey stands there for a moment trying to figure out where her presence was coming from.
He sends out a message to trick her into revealing herself to him. "My pet I have a present for you. I want you to tell me where you are. So that I may give you your gift. Now come a tell me where that you are hiding.
" Grey smiles as he stands there waiting for an answer. Tara heard him through her mind. She wasn't sure what to think about what he was saying to her. "Grey, why should I reveal myself to you? I don't ever want to see you again! Why would you have a present for me?" She sent it back to him.
That was all Grey needed to find her. He walked into the Boarding House up the stairs and to her door. He knocked on the door lightly. Tara didn't think it was Grey. She opened the door thinking it was Nigel the Boarding House owner.
Then she saw Grey she started to shut the door in his face, but he stuck his foot inside the door stopping her. "Well, my pet I told you that I would find you. Now let's get one thing straight you come when I call you! Because you belong to me! Do you understand?"
Grey screams at her. Tara cowards down to him as she was terrified of his voice. "Grey I am sorry I don't know what you are talking about. I wasn't hiding from you. I just needed a break from the Castle. "
Tara quickly told him hoping that he would buy it. "My pet you can't fool me! You know you can never lie to me! I know everything you are doing at every moment! You are mine you belong to me!
I can see everything! Do you understand me?" He glares down at her. " You may disguise your clothes and your hair, but you can never disguise scent I have known it for years! It drives me insane!
Grey yells loudly at her. Tara back's away from the door. "Grey I swear I would never hide from you." Grey grabs her arm and pulls her to him. "Then show me how much you still love me my pet." He whispers into her ear as he sniffs her hair.
"Ah what wonderful aroma you have." Tara tries to pull herself away from him. "Just let me go Grey!" She yells at him as she squirms in his arms. "Ah, my pet you know you can't get away.
"So you still want to fight me. Fine!" Grey pushes her away knocking her to the floor. Tara picks herself up off the floor and walks over to the bed. "Grey just get out of here!" She yells at him.
"Ah my pet, but I am not done talking to you yet! I will leave when I am damn good and ready! Now come to me!" Grey looks at her deeply in his eyes and puts her in a trance. Tara tries to fight him through the trance but falls helplessly in his arms.
She couldn't move. He held her in his arms and began stroking her hair. "Shhh, my pet. You are under my control now. You are back where you belong. As my good little pet."
He kisses her lips deeply and passionately. He was letting her know he was taking back control of her. She just lay there in his arms while he played with her hair. Tara was silent she couldn't even move under his power. She tried to talk, but she couldn't say anything Grey was in complete control of her.
Grey laid her on the bed and started undressing her. After that, he got himself undressed and laid on the bed with her. "Now my pet let's get our bodies to use to the feel of each other again." He wrapped his arms around her as he lays with his body pressed against his. Tara moans as his hands touch her body.
She moved her body with his soft touches. Grey ran his hands over her breasts making them stand up to his touch. "Oh, Grey. Tara softly moans at his touch. Grey rubbed up and down her legs softly he was teasing her.
"Yes, my pet I know you love my touch. " He toyed with her as if he were playing a game. Tara laid there enjoying his touch. Grey leaned down and moved her hair. He started showing his fangs.
She was just lying there in complete control. She felt his fangs graze her neck as she started the breathe a little heavy. She couldn't move knowing full well that he was going to take her and bite her making her his once more. "Grey wait!" She yelled out.
"What about your brother?" He didn't hear her as he was already fully wanting her. She could not resist because of his power over her. He bit down on her neck as the blood squirted into his mouth his eyes rolled back in his head with pure excitement. He drank from her calming his thirst but igniting his lust.
He tore at her clothes ripping them off until she was fully naked. He laughed as he looked at her body. "I see my brother has not marked you yet." Tara didn't know what to say. She knew Gavin didn't want to mark her until after he married her.
Grey looked at her. "You may speak." He said in a low tone. Tara looked up at him finally finding her voice. "Your brother Gavin wanted to wait until we were married."
Grey said with a smile. "I guess he lost out on marking your beautiful body because now you are mine. " Tara didn't know what to say after that. She silently laid there wondering what would come next. Grey looked over her body with such delicate.
"You still as beautiful as before if not even more," Grey whispered in her ear. Tara was still frightened of him. She noticed his trance was wearing off as laid there.
Grey climbed on top of her holding her down with his body. He had her wrists in his hands. "Tara doesn't want to hurt you not again. Don't make me angry.
I want this to be special not like before when you made me almost kill you. I don't want to ever hurt you like that again. " Tara struggled as he pinned her hands to the bed. Grey's body was too heavy for her to fight him.
She was still in the trance, but it was wearing off quickly. Tara began to think of ways of getting away from him. She tried to raise her hands, but he was too strong. "Don't fight it, it will only be worse for you. " He whispered.
"Grey doesn't do this!" She yelled out. He covered her mouth with one hand. "Shhhh we are not alone. " He said softly.
Grey wanted to take her then and there, but he knew her screams would wake the ower of the Boarding House. "Get your things we are going to the Castle. " He said to her as he got off of her and began to get dressed. "Get your clothes on we are leaving!"
Grey said in a low, but firm voice. He knew that Tara was going to be taken tonight, but at Boarding House there were too many people. "Tara I said get dressed." She began to put on her clothes and gather her things. She was still looking for a way out, Grey would not take his eyes off of her long enough for her to escape.
"Grey look I'll go to Gavin and tell him that I won't marry him. Just please let me go right now?" Tara begged him knowing that was the only way she was going to escape. "My pet did you think I was going to believe you?" He said growling.
Tara looked at him fear still running through her whole body. "Of course Darling I know you trust me." She giggled to show him she wasn't afraid. Grey sighs unapproving. "I grow tired of your little games Tara.
I know very well what you are up to. Don't try to fool me, because it will only make me angry!" He yells filling the room with his voice. Grey stands up and walks over to Tara grabbing her by the hair he pulls her to him. "Come my pet we have a Castle to get to!'
He says to her as he grabs her by the hand and pulls her out the door. Tara couldn't say a word as he pulled her out of the Boarding House. She knew if she did he would just kill anyone that heard her. Grey rushed her through town knowing that the people on the street were watching.
He pushed Tara into a dark alley and picked her up with one swoop of his cape they were flying in the air. Grey was headed towards Tara's Castle. They flew through the night air as she held on to him tightly. She had no choice at this point she had to go with him. Grey held her in his arms as they flew to the Castle gates. He flies over the Castle gates to the front door of the Castle.

Chapter 4 Grey and Tara at The Castle

Grey breaks the kiss and says. "That my good little pet." He grins evilly as he pushes the door open after she unlocks it. Grey picks Tara up carrying her up the stairs to her bedroom. He lights a few candles around the room.
"This is a special night." He smiles at her standing at the door. "This is the night I take and make you mine once again. You mine in every way. Body, mind, and soul. All mine!"
He yells filling the room with his voice. Tara just stands there trembling. All she wanted to do was run, but she couldn't move. It's like her body was frozen with fear. If she didn't do what Grey said it would make him angry, but if she did she would lose Gavin forever.
"Grey listen to me please?" Tara begged him. Grey turned to her. "You are not undressed my sweet? You should be undressed by now knowing full well I'm going to take you ." He undresses and climbs into bed.
His coal-black hair fell over his face. He pushed his hair back with his hand and looked at her with his piercing blue eyes. His muscles were flexed showing her who was in charge. "Come here.."
He said in a low tone that filled the room. Tara was still shaking at the mere sound of his voice. "Grey listen," Tara said in a soft voice. Grey puts his hand on his chin pondering what she was about to say next.
"Go on.." He said keeping his eyes on her. "I would like the hear what lies are going to come out of your mouth now my Pet." Tara was shocked at his reaction. "But I only... "
She stopped and ran over to him. "Grey I want to go tell Gavin before we sleep together that don't want to be with him anymore." She stares into his eyes hoping he would let her go long enough to tell Gavin what was going on. "
Tara sits on the bed next to Grey. She had a sad look on her face. Grey looked at her. "What is wrong my Pet are you morning my brother?" Tara looks up at him with tears in her eyes.
"You always seem to ruin everything!" She screams out still crying. Grey looks at her with a stern look on his face. "Why? Because came for what was mine!"
She looks at him." I'm not yours you left me remember?" Grey turns to her. "I left you, because of your lies and your cheating. I have decided to forgive you."
She turns away. "Well isn't that the pot calling the kettle black? You were doing the same thing." Grey grabs her by the arm and pulls her to him.
"Listen you are my pet, my lover, and my wife. No one can take that away from me you understand?" Tara looks down sadly. "I ran away from you because you almost killed me remember? "Grey sat up in bed looking at her.
"You ran away and I found you! You are still mine the marks you have on you tell me that I can claim you at any time! " Grey pulls her closer to him. "Come my pet let's make mad passionate love."
He kisses her deeply and passionately sending chills up and down her body. She moans on his lips as he kisses her deeply. Tara breaks the kiss. "No, I can't until I tell Gavin. I will not give in to your advances."
Grey turns to her with a mean look in his eyes. "You are loyal to my piss ant of I little brother, but yet you were never loyal to me!" He screams so loud it echoes through the Castle. "How dare you be loyal to him and not to me!
" Tara could see the anger in his eyes and fear swept through her whole body. She swallowed hard as her knees started to shake. "I...." She stopped what she was about to say. She had no choice, but to look him in the eyes he had her by her arms. "Grey what we had was great, but we have it no more.
I love Gavin now, my love for you is dead." He looked at her for a moment. He heard her say that she didn't love him anymore. Grey ran his fingers through his long black hair. The anger was building up inside him. He just looked at her in complete silence. "Grey please say something?"
Tara begged him, but he wouldn't utter a word. He got up from the bed and got his clothes back on. He walked out of the room. He turned and said one sentence to her."You can't love him if he is dead." Grey disappeared within a thick back mist. He was on his way to see his thieving brother. He was going to take care of him once and for all.


Chapter 5 Grey flies to Rome, Italy to find his brother.

Grey arrived in Rome at about three in the afternoon. He quickly got a hotel and lay down for a rest. The only thing he had on his mind was finding his brother and killing him. Tara was Grey's true love and he was not about the let his brother have her. He was dreaming of marrying Tara again. 
He was running in the woods with Tara at his side. They lay down in the grass together laughing happily. He was just about to kiss her when his brother came running up to him. "You fool she loves me not you. " Gavin said to him in his dream.
"Ah, little brother you are the vampire I was looking for." He says as he stands up brushing Tara out of the way. "Yes, it has been a long time big brother. " Gavin said to him as he pulled out his sword. "Good choice of a weapon. "
Grey pulls out a sword. They begin to fight as Tara watches in horror. "No stop!"She screams out as they start fighting. "Look Grey I will go with you!"
"Just please leave him alone!" She screams out looking at them both. Grey had the upper hand in the fight. He had been fencing for years. "Fine, I shall leave my brother alive. Only if you go quietly with me Tara!"
Tara looked down. "Fine Grey! If you promise me you will never hurt him." Tara looked Grey in the eyes and sighed. She knew that Grey would never leave his brother alone if she hadn't agreed to it. "Now my Pet let's get out of here." Grey smiles for He woke up from his dream.
He awoke happily and content that a new life was about to start as soon as he took care of his brother. "Yes, the first place I should look at is the bars." He said out loud as he was getting dressed. He could not wait to find his brother. He putting his black suit on and grabbed his favorite gun just in case.
When he walked out of the Hotel he was confident that he would find his brother. He had stride in his walk and a smirk on his face. He walked into a local bar. The whole thing seemed familiar to him as he walked through the doors. "So this is the place my brother hangs out!"
He saw a beautiful blonde at the end of the bar. She kept staring at him and giving him dirty looks. "My Sweet what gives you the reason to make such looks at me?" Grey says to her as he sits beside her. "You do not remember who I am?"
The woman asked as she looked at him again. She was wearing a ring on her ring finger. He looked down at her hand. "Ah, I see you are married!"He smiles as he kept looking.
"Yes, you, you idiot!" She looks at him surprised. "Oh, so you think I am your Husband?"Grey raises an eyebrow as he looks at her. "Yes, you are the only one with that face around here."
Grey takes her by the hand. "My Sweet I am his twin brother. I am searching for him though. He has another I love's heart." She looks down ashamed at what she thought of him.
"Cherry Glee de Luc your brother's wife. " He smiles big as he takes her to the corner of the bar. "Count Grey de Luc is my name. I was here to kill my brother, but as I can see he has already ruined himself." She looks at him and smiles.
"Your brother married me two days ago. He said there was no one else. I can't believe I believed him. " She looks at her hand then looks down. Grey thought to himself this might work to his advantage. "Well, now it seems my brother has left you alone. Why don't you come to my Hotel and we can talk more in private?" He smirked evilly as he pulled her out the door towards the Hotel.
Cherry did not use to going home with the first guy she met. She knew she was married, but she didn't care. She held on to his hand as he leads the way. "Well now we shall be at my room very soon," Grey said to her with a very stern voice

Chapter 6 The Moonlight Encounter

Cherry stands by the door waiting for him to open it. Grey fiddles with the lock as he tries to get into the room. He takes your hand and pushes her into the door. He kisses her passionately as he lifts her dress." My pet you kiss divinely. I can't wait to get you into the room and take off all your clothes."
He opens the door as he pushes her into the back of it. He grabs her by the arm and swings her around as he shuts the door the other way. He grabs her by her waist and pushes her up against the wall kissing her deeply and passionately wanting more. He rubs his hand up her thigh and presses itself against her letting her feel his cock against her.
She tries to resist his advances thinking of Gavin the man she had married just days ago. Grey saw that she was fighting him. He simply looked her in the eyes putting her deeply under his power. She could not move or fight. She just stood there as he ran his hands all over her body.
" Oh, my sweet I can't wait to have all your clothes off and in my bed. Cherry, you are the most beautiful woman I've seen in a long time." He rips her clothes off and throws her on the bed tying her hands to the bedpost. She runs her hands all over her naked body groaning and moaning as he goes.
" Oh yes, Cherry! "He runs his hand across your breasts fondling them with his fingers. He presses his lips softly to her nipples he runs a hand across to her breasts fondling them. He presses his lips softly to her nipples as he sucks on her nipples his fangs begin to grow. He bites down hard making his mark on her.
He raises his head as blood drips from the corner of his mouth. " Ah! " Cherry screams out in pain as she looks at her bite marks above each nipple. "Why did you do that?" She asked him as she looked down at her swollen nipples.
Gray looked at her and simply did not say a word. He began tying her hands behind her back and her feet to the bedpost. He took off all his clothes as he stood naked before her. Cherry did not know what was coming next. Grey looked at her and smiled.
Grey put his head down between her legs and begin kissing her thighs lightly with his soft lips. " You are so beautiful I see what my brother sees in you. I would keep you locked up in the castle forever never letting you see daylight again." He began kissing her womanhood tasting the juices that ran between her legs.
He feel his hardness growing inside of his pants"Mmm my pets you know that will never let you go now you are bound to me. No other woman will be able to get in my way good. I shall ravish you over and over tonight showing you how much you mean to me." Cherry lay there with her legs spread wide open.
She moans lightly as he licked her womanhood and sucked on it. " Oh, Grey Grey!" Cherry moaned out as she began to orgasm. Her orgasm was so strong that she could barely stand it. Her body shook violently as she began dripping the sweet nectar down her leg. "Good girl yes I love it!"
Grey pushes his hardness inside her deeply. He hears her moan out almost scream. Those sounds were music to his ears. He began thrusting himself inside her. He pushed his manhood in and out of her like a jackhammer. She was so tight that he nearly almost climaxed inside of her that very moment.
"Uh Uh My Pet God your womanhood feels so tight that it milks my manhood!" Grey grunts and groans as he feels himself building up inside her. His vampire seed was going to fill her up every part of her being."Uh Uh, Here it comes!" Grey spills his seed deep inside her womanhood. He falls over on top of her in exhaustion.
Grey got off her and sat in the chair on the far side of her. He was thinking of Tara. again his one true love. He did what he had to he said to himself. He had no choice but to defile this woman. He knew it was against everything that Tara wanted, but yet he still had the de Luc blood inside him
For centuries the de Luc men have been very unfaithful. They always cheated on their wives. Grey tried to get away from that but it was inevitable. He was doomed to learn that way was in his blood.
Tara knew this she just refused to believe it. She thought Grey could. overcome his demons. What she didn't know is that's how they lived for centuries. They would cheat on their women to make more of their family. The de Luc men would find one woman he would call his own, but yet he would still have all of his mistresses and other wives.
He sat there thinking only of his one true love. He kept telling himself he had no choice. The worst part of it all he wanted to be faithful to Tara but he didn't know-how. He was taught by his family how to be unfaithful and unloyal. She wanted to love him more than anything but he knew deep down that she would never love a cheater.
How he longed for her touch that night. The taste of her beautiful sweet lips upon his lips. He thought of the time she ran her fingers through his long black hair. He even thought of her she raking her fingernails down his back. The taste of her sweet blood inside of his mouth as he salivated. " Tara Tara how I long for you tonight."
Grey lay next to Cherry as he slowly fell asleep. The next morning he quickly rushed into his clothes. He let her go from her bonds as he paid for the room. He got his things packed up ready to go back to London where his true love was. He cannot wait to hold her in his arms once more and tell her how much he loved her.
He was not about to lose her again no matter if he could not find his brother. He did not want to bear another moment without her. " Tara I'm coming home to you." He thought out loud and his head. He called the airport to get the next flight out to London.


Chapter 7 The flight back to London home to his love.

Grey hurried up and took off out the door as Cherry was about to wake up. He headed straight to the airport without haste. The only thing that was on his mind was getting back to his love. I jumped on the plane and was headed out of town. He knew right there the only woman that he would ever love in his life would be Tara.

 He would never let her go no matter how much she begged him. His feelings were too strong for her. She was bound to him and he was bound to her not by blood but by the heart. They were two hearts beating as one.

 No other man or vampire nor living being could ever tear them apart again. He said out loud to himself. As the plane began to take off he dreamed of Tara holding her again in his arms forever this time. He sat there in his seat thinking about her every minute that the plane flew closer to her. 

When the plane landed in London Grey got his suitcase from the overhead compartment and walked off the plane. He was ready to see Tara again and hold her in his arms. "Tara my Sweet I am on my way back to you." He sent her a message through the head mind to her. Tara was locked up in the Castle where he left her.

She was crying on the bed when she heard his voice in her head. Tara was hoping that Grey had not killed her love like he said he was going to when he left the Castle. She wiped the tears from her eyes and went into the bathroom to get dressed. She took a quick shower and got dressed in her skin tight red and eight-inch high heels. Tara put on makeup to try to make herself look presentable. 

Grey drove up the driveway of the Castle. He was in his new Porsche that he picked up in Italy. He had bought while he was there for his short time. He unlocked the door and slammed it open. "Tara My Sweet I have news of Gavin! " 

"He has married another while he was in Rome. Just three days ago he married a beautiful blonde named Cherry Glee de Luc!" When Tara heard that her heart sank. She fell to the floor crying. She had no choice, but to be with Grey now if he still wanted her. 

"Just a minute Darling I will be right down!" She yelled down from the bedroom. She got up off her feet and wiped the tears from her eyes. She started down the stairs to him. "My Darling Grey I have been thinking. I have missed you so much when you were away in Italy!" 

Grey watched her walk down the stairs. He listened to her every word as she spoke. "Ah, my Sweet what changed your mind? The fact that my cheating asshole of a brother married someone else!" Grey looks at her with a disapproving look. 

Tara looks at him shocked at what she was hearing. Why would Gavin lie to her? Why would he marry someone after he said that he was only in love with her? She pondered the questions in her head for a minute. "Darling Grey I have been thinking."

She looks at him smiling as she came down the stairs running into his arms. Grey looked her in the eyes as he tried to figure her out. One minute she did not want anything to do with him and the next she's falling into his arms. "Tara I do not understand you. I will give you some time to
 make up your mind." 

He looks her in the eyes. "I will be in my room if you wish to join me." Tara looks at him confused at what he was saying. "Darling Grey I love you and adore you. I have made up my mind." 

She looks at him as he walks upstairs to his room. "Grey please I truly have decided." Grey turns around says. " I will give you a few days and when you are finally over him come to me." He goes upstairs and slams the door behind him.  Tara stood there on the stairs in tears.

She cannot believe that he left her there just standing. She thought that he would drag her to his room or at least look her in the eyes and tell her that she was his again. As she stood there on the stairs she thought of how he was just playing a mind game with her. Tara walked down the stairs and opened the big door to the Castle. She walked out into the garden and sat there on the bench.

Chapter 8 Grey's wrath upon Tara. 

Grey awoke the next morning with Tara on his mind. He was angry with her for wanting his brother Gavin over him. He got up out of bed and looked around Castle for Tara. She was nowhere to be found. She had spent the entire night out in the garden. 

Tara was curdled up asleep on the bench outside in the garden. She was hurting from Grey's words to her the night before. She always loved Grey from the first time she met him. He was the one that let her go all the time. She wanted something permanent something she could hold onto for all eternity. 

Meanwhile Grey was searching the Castle for Tara. He could not find her anywhere. He thought to him that she could have run away again. "That dumb bitch she knows I will just find her again. She knows she can't hide from me for very long." 

Tara awoke from her dreams and realized she had spent the entire night out in the garden. She wondered if Grey was even looking for her. After what happened last night she didn't think so. At this point, she didn't even think he cared about her anymore. She sat there on the bench in deep thought. 

Grey was running the Castle trying to find her. He was starting to get angry by now. "Tara! Where the hell are you?" He screamed at the top of his lungs. He did not like the game she was playing with him. 

Tara knew that eventually, he would find her it was only a matter of time. He read her mind and watched every action she did. He did that with all that belongs to him. "Funny how did I become his property?" She thought out loud. 

Grey was furious by now. He had looked all over the Castle and be could not find her anywhere. A rage was building inside him. "Tara how could you do this to me!? I gave you all my love and you just betray me!" He screams as he fell to his knees. 

Tara was still sitting on the bench not aware of what was going on inside the Castle. She was remembering happy times with Grey. The birth of their children and the wedding that they had. He always put her first no matter how many girls there were. She was the one that he picked to rule the household. 

Grey was frantic by now. He had looked in every corner of the Castle. His heart sank at the thought of her running away from him again. He knew that she feared him, but he didn't realize that she feared him that much. He sat on the bed thinking.

Tara walked into the sliding glass doors of the Castle. She slowly walked upstairs to  Grey's bedroom. There she found Grey in what you would call the most vulnerable position that you would ever see him in. Blood tears were coming down his face. Grey was turned away from her as she walked in the door.

Tara walked up to him and put her hand on his shoulder.  She looked down at him. "What is wrong Grey?" She asks him as she stood there. He shook her off his shoulder.

"My pet you have to ask me that! I could not find you. You thought you left me again. " He said to her as he wiped the tears from his eyes. She stood there looking sad. "I'm sorry I did not know you were looking for me."

She says to him. He looks at her stands up. "You love my brother who married someone else! Can't you see he was just using you?!" Tara looks down and turns away. "I know he was now. " 

"I made a mistake and I will be paying for it." She walks towards the door. "Look I will come back when you're not so angry with me. " She says as she starts to walk out the door. Grey runs after her and grabs her by the arm.

"Ah!" Tara screams out in pain as his grip was so hard as he jerked her back into the room. He pushed her back onto the bed ripping her clothes off of her. "You're mine! You will never be anyone else's!" 

Grey screams at her as he jumps on top of her pinning her to the bed. He takes handcuffs out of his pocket and slaps on her left hand. He handcuffs it to the bedpost. He does the same with the right hand. Then he ties her feet spread eagle to the bed. 

"You will not fight me anymore! " He screams at her. Tara started to cry. She knew now that she would never be able to get away from him. "When you submit to me fully I will let you go!" 

Grey said as he walked out the door. Tara lay there crying she couldn't move. She was lost in her thoughts trying to figure out how she could get away. Tonight that would be impossible she knew it would at least take a week possibly a month until she regained trust again.  Tara lay in the bed crying. It 
